Welcome to the second last
week of the Capstone project.
This is an exciting time because you
finally get to start building your Agent.
Last week we brainstormed some of
the high-level Agent design choices.
This week we will discuss a few
implementation details regarding
the network and how to update it.
In practice these decisions can
have a big impact on performance.
Today we will discuss how we will update
our estimates of the action values and
the details of the ADAM algorithm.
We decided to use a neural network for
the action values, but
let's refresh our memory
on how that works.
You may recall from Course 3 that
the neural network takes the state and
produces a new representation.
For instance, in this case,
the state would be composed of
things like the position and
velocity of the lander.
We'll then use the resultant
representation to estimate the value of
each action.
We do this by building a network that
has one output node for each action.
Let's discuss how to train this neural
network to approximate the action value
function.
We will use the TD error
to train the network.
More precisely, we will modify the ways
to reduce the TD error on each time step.
We will only update the weights for
the output corresponding to
the action that was selected.
We simply do not update the weights in
the last layer for the actions 2 and 3.
You might ask is this a problem?
In general, no, but
there are some nuances to consider here.
For linear function approximation,
we also maintain separate weights for
each action value.
We only updated weights for
the action that was taken.
With a neural network each, time an action
is updated the shared representation for
all the actions is also changed.
But during learning, the result of
each action might cause different,
possibly conflicting ,updates
to the representation.
But this is actually
something that we want.
We want the neural network to learn
a representation that is useful for
all the actions.
Features that are good for
multiple predictions,
are often features that generalize better.
In contrast,
we could instead learn completely separate
neural networks one for each action.
But then the representation for
each action is learned with fewer samples.
And we can't gain the potential benefits
from learning a shared representation.
[SOUND] The other decision we made
was to use the ADAM algorithm.
This algorithm combines both vector
step-sizes and a form of momentum.
In Course 3 we discussed
vector step-sizes.
Each way to the network has its own
step-size adapted based on the statistics
of the learning process.
This means we can make larger
updates to some weights, and
smaller updates to the others.
This might be useful if the loss
is flatter in some dimensions.
Alternatively, we can take smaller steps
in other dimensions where the loss changes
more sharply.
We also discuss how to use momentum
to accelerate our learning,
especially if we find ourselves
in a flat region of our loss.
Remember that taking repeated steps in
the same direction builds momentum.
While taking steps in a different
direction will kill the momentum.
The ADAM algorithm combines
both of these ideas.
It keeps a moving average of
the gradients to compute the momentum.
The beta M parameter is a meta-parameter
that controls the amount of momentum.
ADAM also keeps a moving average
of the square of the gradient,
this gives us a vector of step-sizes.
This update typically results in more
data-efficient learning because each
update is more effective.
You may have noticed that we just
introduced several new meta parameters
that we will need to set.
We have the two decay rates,
the size of the small offset in
the denominator and a global step-size.
So we haven't achieved
meta-parameter free learning here.
In fact, we have introduced four
meta-parameters in place of one.
Fortunately, it is typically not too
difficult to find good settings for
these meta-parameters
using rules of thumb.
But better performance can usually be
achieved by tuning them individually.
Many people are working on methods to
reduce the sensitivity to meta-parameter
choices and reinforce the learning.
But this is still very
much an open problem.
In this Capstone,
you will investigate the impact of
different choices of the global step-size.
We will use fixed values for
the other parameters.
[SOUND] And that's it for this week,
you should now have all the tools
you need to implement your Agent.
Next up, landing a shuttle on
the moon with reinforcement learning.